Centralizes images into agnhost (part 1) (#78389)
kubernetes/kubernetes: test/images/agnhost/README.md

## Usage

> The `agnhost` binary has several subcommands which are can be used to test different

Reviewer: I'm not really sure what this `agnhost` means but question is - is this name still relevant after adding so many other subcommands?

Reviewer 2: Eh, less so. So, the name ``agnhost`` comes from "agnhost host", which basically means that it'll work the same on any OS. But it is still true, the image still contains the common Linux utilities on both Linux and Windows, including /bin/sh, nc, etc., and 3 of the current subcommands still accomplish the original goal. Adding the other subcommands doesn't necessarely go against its goal.

in order to get more information about that subcommand, including its possible arguments.

Usage:

```console
    kubectl exec test-agnhost -- /agnhost help
```

### liveness

Starts a simple server that is alive for 10 seconds, then reports unhealthy for the rest
of its (hopefully) short existence.

Usage:

```console
    kubectl exec test-agnhost -- /agnhost liveness
```

### logs-generator

The `logs-generator` subcommand is a tool to create predictable load on the logs delivery system.
It generates random lines with predictable format and predictable average length.
Each line can be later uniquely identified to ensure logs delivery.

Tool is parametrized with the total number of number that should be generated and the duration of
the generation process. For example, if you want to create a throughput of 100 lines per second
for a minute, you set total number of lines to 6000 and duration to 1 minute.

Parameters are passed through environment variables. There are no defaults, you should always
set up container parameters. Total number of line is parametrized through env variable
`LOGS_GENERATOR_LINES_TOTAL` and duration in go format is parametrized through env variable

> `LOGS_GENERATOR_DURATION`.

Reviewer 3: this paragraph is incorrect: near as I can tell, `logs_generator.go` only takes flags, not env vars, and I can't tell that agnhost plumbs the env vars through?

Reviewer 2: This part of the documentation was pretty much copied from the original documentation logs-generator had. Interestingly, it was like this from the beggining: accepting those parameters as flags and not as env vars, yet the documentation is talking about env vars. The tests also sets those env vars. In the replacement PR, I've replaced that with actual flags: https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/pull/78394/files#diff-7dc1ebd3b2f2f6ca1ff248e6601016a6R108

and sends a configurable number of data chunks, with a configurable interval between chunks.

The subcommand is using the following environment variables:

- `BIND_ADDRESS` (optional): The address on which it will start listening for TCP connections (default value: `localhost`)
- `BIND_PORT`: The port on which it will start listening for TCP connections.
- `EXPECTED_CLIENT_DATA` (optional): If set, it will check that the request sends the same exact data.
- `CHUNKS`: How many chunks of data to write in the response.
- `CHUNK_SIZE`: The expected size of each written chunk of data. If it does not match the actual size of the written data, it will exit with the exit code `4`.
- `CHUNK_INTERVAL`: The amount of time to wait in between chunks.

Usage:

```console
    kubectl run test-agnhost \
      --generator=run-pod/v1 \
      --image=gcr.io/kubernetes-e2e-test-images/agnhost:1.1 \
      --restart=Never \
      --env "BIND_ADDRESS=localhost" \
      --env "BIND_PORT=8080" \
      --env "EXPECTED_CLIENT_DATA='Hello there!'" \
      --env "CHUNKS=1" \
      --env "CHUNK_SIZE=10" \
      --env "CHUNK_INTERVAL=1" \
      -- port-forward-tester
```

## Image

> The image can be found at `gcr.io/kubernetes-e2e-test-images/agnhost:1.1` for Linux

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The image can be found at `gcr.io/kubernetes-e2e-test-images/agnhost:2.0` for Linux
```

Reviewer 2: Oups, I forgot to update the version in the documentation.

> containers, and `e2eteam/agnhost:1.1` for Windows containers. In the future, the same

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
containers, and `e2eteam/agnhost:2.0` for Windows containers. In the future, the same
```

Reviewer 2: ditto.
